DEV-2226: Use `type_of_idc_description` for better IDC classification (#1731)
fedspendingtransparency/usaspending-api: usaspending_api/database_scripts/job_archive/README.md

# Directory Purpose

Store one-off Python and SQL scripts used for data change operations.

# Mandatory header for all script files in this directory
```
Jira Ticket Number(s): <DEV-..., >
Expected CLI: $ <psql .... | python3.5 ....>
Purpose: <a sentence to paragraph on the changes this script performs and expected outcome>
```

# FAQ
1. Why store them in a repository?

>     * While it might seem that storing these scripts in Jira tickets, it is easy to lose them or to not know they exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * While it might seem better to store these scripts in Jira tickets, it is easy to lose them or to not know they exist.
```
